nixos/netbird-server: init module (#247118)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- [Anuko Time Tracker](https://github.com/anuko/timetracker), a simple, easy to use, open source time tracking system. Available as [services.anuko-time-tracker](#opt-services.anuko-time-tracker.enable).

> - [Netbird](https://netbird.io), a management server for wireguard VPNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A self-hosted management server for the [Netbird](https://netbird.io). Available as [services.netbird-server](#opt-services.netbird-server.enable).
```
